We already know how to implement the LCS problem so
we can re use that code now
We just need to add the logic for this problem
So let us write the function find minimum delete and insert
so write function
Fight MinDel Insert by passing the strings X and Y
and its length
M and N The first step is to find the
length of longest common subsequent so call the LCS function for passing
the strings and its length and store the result in
variable length so write in len equal to LCS of
X Y M
And N now we will have the LCS length in len
Now we can simply find the minimum number of deletions
by subtracting LCS length len from String one
by subtracting LCS length len from string
One length n
so write print of minimum deletions equal to %
D
M
Minus len and find the minimum number of insertions by
subtracting LCS length Len from string two length N
So write print of minimum insertion equel to %D
N minus len and that's it we are done.